---
layout: post
title: BAXTER
date: 3068-09-30 09:46:13 -0700
categories: fiction
---

*Gienah Combat Vehicles Spaceport A  
Gienah, Lyran Alliance*

Miriam Baxter looked down the barrel of the gun pointed in her face, the sweat dripping ice cold down her back.

"For the last time, you will order your crew to fire on the Monkeys now!" Sorry Sam growled as she nudged the pistol closer to Miriam's face. Miriam's face was stone, as she stubbornly stared back at Sorry Sam. Inwardly, she was asking herself how it had come to this.

<!-- more -->

Sorry Sam was a member of the *Shady Ladies* mercenary group, one of the many small mercenary companies that had been hired to take out the factories for *Gienah Combat Vehicles* on *Gienah*. The *Flaming Devil Monkeys* mercenary company who they were now skirmishing with were also one of those companies. Ostensibly, the two merc units should be on the same side. But since they had put down the resistance on *Gienah* the mercs had been squabbling over salvage rights. Word had gotten out that, in the midst of this chaos, some of the dropship transports had bailed on Gienah.

Baxter and her crew manned one of those dropships, but she hadn't bailed. It wasn't in her nature to abandon a contract no matter how distasteful. She now wondered if she needed to change her nature, as this had turned into a right clusterfulk. Baxter's *Union*-class dropship had not personally carried either the Shady Ladies or the Flaming Devil Monkeys, but when word of the transport shortage had spread, both merc units had come looking to hitch a ride. The *Shady Ladies* had gotten here first and rather than ask nicely, they had stormed her ship and were now holding her crew hostage. She didn't know if the *Flaming Devil Monkeys* would be any better, but out of pure spite and stubborness, she did not particularly feel like following Sorry Sam's orders.
